Now I'm in training mode
you can tell because there's this red record button up here.
When I click the red record button for the first time,
or I can just press the R key, I'll
have to select where I want to save my training data.
In this case, I've created an empty folder
on my desktop called data.
I'll save my training data there.
For now, I'm just going to drive one lap around the track.
Some of the interesting features of the track
will also present challenges for training an end-to-end driving
model.
For example, the model will have to learn how
to handle these sharp turns.
This bridge has a different texture and different borders
than the other parts of the road.
The dirt border on the edge of the track
here is different than the curbs that
lined the rest of the track.
That could be tricky for the model to learn.
This sequence of sharp turns is challenging
to drive even by hand.
The neural network could easily lose control here and drive
the car into the water.
Once we've gotten past this second dirt border,
we've completed about one lap of driving.
So I'll end the recording.
Now, I'll see the simulator replay the drive
and save the camera images.